# programing
https://joshtronic.com/feed/ programming
https://davidwalsh.name/feed programming
https://codesignal.com/feed/ programming
https://hackr.io/programming/rss.xml programming
https://codingissimple.com/feed/ programming
https://realpython.com/atom.xml programming
https://jvns.ca/atom.xml programming
https://www.labnol.org/rss.xml programming
https://blog.trailofbits.com/feed/ programming
https://feeds.feedburner.com/TheDailyWtf programming

# security Feeds
https://krebsonsecurity.com/feed/ security news
https://www.darkreading.com/rss.xml security news
https://www.schneier.com/blog/atom.xml security blog
https://threatpost.com/feed/ security news
https://www.grahamcluley.com/feed/ security blog
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/data-computer-security/rss security news
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/feed/ security news
https://feeds.feedburner.com/TheHackersNews?format=xml security news
https://www.proofpoint.com/us/rss.xml security news
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/rss/news/ security news
https://www.helpnetsecurity.com/feed/ security news
https://sectigostore.com/blog/feed security news
https://www.tripwire.com/state-of-security/feed/ security news
#https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/api/1/services/v1/all-rss-feed.xml security news
https://citizenlab.ca/feed security blog
https://www.nist.gov/blogs/cybersecurity-insights/rss.xml security news
https://www.nist.gov/news-events/information%20technology/rss.xml security news
https://www.csoonline.com/feed/ security news
https://www.cisecurity.org/feed/blog security news
https://www.cisecurity.org/feed/advisories security news
https://www.cisecurity.org/feed/alert security news
https://www.cisecurity.org/feed/?post_type=blog security news
https://blog.sucuri.net/rss security news
https://www.darknet.org.uk/feed/ security news
https://blog.rapid7.com/rss/ security news
https://www.cisa.gov/cisa/blog.xml security blog
https://www.cisa.gov/cisa/news.xml security news
https://www.cisa.gov/cybersecurity-advisories/all.xml security news
https://www.eff.org/rss/updates.xml security news
https://hackaday.com/blog/feed/ security news
https://www.zdnet.com/topic/security/rss.xml security news
https://www.zdnet.com/topic/linux/rss.xml news linux
https://pointieststick.com/feed/ news linux
https://distrowatch.com/news/dw.xml news linux
https://distrowatch.com/news/dww.xml news linux
https://www.secjuice.com/rss/ security news
https://www.itsecuritynews.info/feed/ security news
https://www.itsecurityguru.org/feed/ security news
https://isc.sans.edu/rssfeed_full.xml security news


# other news
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/technology-lab news
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/gadgets news gadgets
https://www.zdnet.com/blog/cell-phones/rss.xml news gadgets

# slashdot
http://rss.slashdot.org/Slashdot/slashdotYourRightsOnline slashdot
http://rss.slashdot.org/Slashdot/slashdotMain slashdot

# reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/privacytoolsIO/.rss reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/privacy/.rss reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/netsec/.rss reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/linux/.rss reddit linux
https://www.reddit.com/r/opensource/.rss reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/signal/.rss reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskNetsec/.rss reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/selfhosted/.rss reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/fdroid/.rss reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/blueteamsec/.rss reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/redteamsec/.rss reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/linuxquestions/.rss reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/linux4noobs/.rss reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/linuxadmin/.rss reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/openSUSE/.rss reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/kde/.rss reddit

https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueDoTA2/.rss dota2
https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/.rss dota2
https://www.reddit.com/r/learndota2/.rss dota2

# tutorials
https://www.howtoforge.com/feed tutorial linux
https://www.tecmint.com/feed/ tutorial linux
https://linuxhint.com/feed tutorial linux
https://linuxize.com/index.xml tutorial linux
https://www.cyberciti.biz/atom/atom.xml tutorial linux
https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/rss.xml tutorial linux
https://opensource.com/feed tutorial linux
https://www.linux.com/rss tutorial linux news
https://kifarunix.com/rss tutorial linux
https://itsfoss.com/feed/ tutorial linux
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Certdepot linux news tutorial
https://www.rosehosting.com/blog/feed/ linux tutorial
https://news.opensuse.org/feed.xml linux news
https://www.linux-magazine.com/rss/feed/lmi_news linux news
https://feeds.feedburner.com/Ostechnix linux tutorial
https://fedoramagazine.org/feed/ linux tutorial
https://vitux.com/feed linux tutorial
https://www.thegeekstuff.com/feed/ linux tutorial
